hey what's going on guys it's shan ling
and today we're going to be looking at
the ravens specifically the RV n dash to
ax now some things to note about the
raven chassis on this particular variant
at least is the left arm armor shield
actually got a bonus of plus 12 armor
and on the left and right leg also got a
plus for internal structure so just be
aware that a little bit more sturdier
and of course using this actual armor
shield to protect and you know shield
your entire Mac of course all right
let's go dive into the details here this
particular variant gets a bonus to large
pulse laser range large pulse laser heat
gen medium laser range medium laser
duration and of course you know this
stacks on top of all the others generic
so on top of that we also have a SRM for
I have mounted here with one ton of ammo
and XL 275 indo steel fair fiber stubble
heat sinks this particular mech is Aleta
doubt as well as four modules I've got
the medium laser cooldown level five
large pulse laser cooldown level five
large pulse laser range five something
to go ahead drop into the training
grounds show you what these quirks
coming November forth by the way are
going to do to the Raven 2x and show you
what it is capable of when you mount
these particular weapon systems all
right guys here we go here we are at
forest colony I'm in the Raven 2x2 note
first off is the large pulse laser range
again at 511 meters be able to reach out
and touch the medium lasers of 351 again
for those that may be our new to the
game basically energy weapons have a
dual range so you know you'll be able to
hit out to a thousand and twenty two
meters with the large pulse diminishing
returns obviously past that 511 but yet
go ahead and look at here we've got the
commando let's go test out the heat here
with a large pulse blast you can see I'm
just going to hold this down alright
let's target this left or so let's go to
pull the trigger on all three medium
lasers and see the duration is cut down
just a little bit all right let's go
ahead give this now full he doesn't he
doesn't need a leg let's go do this
alright so let's go to move and shoot on
the move sort of give you an idea of
what this is under pressure here again
utilizing the range of these weapons
systems now you're going to be able to
hit a little bit further out and do it
more of your effective damage at those
ranges again you can stick different
models on depending on what setups you
go with you could go with the four
medium lasers plus submit missile SRM
six with Artemis something to that
effect maybe if you wanted to do a
standard which I want to recommend but
you can't or you can see here you can
definitely chain fire your mediums as
well ride that heat line and of course
this is without any additional double
heat sinks which on the wrong map might
run a little bit hot so again that's
something where maybe you drop the SRM
or switch this up maybe a smaller engine
something to that effect but definitely
in the range is noticeable right off the
bat being able to engage and do that
effect of damage that large pulse at 511
meters might even see people try doing
two large poles obviously that might be
a risk everything being in your right
arm but with the new left arm shield
armor buff that armor plate is actually
useful for shielding so wise guys this
has been your quark preview for the RV n
dash 2x hopefully you've checked out the
other videos if you haven't make sure to
do so leave comments and I will try to
get to them as soon as possible until
next time mech warriors
target destroyed
you